Add B019 check to find cache decorators on class methods (#218)
PyCQA/flake8-bugbear: README.rst

How to enable opinionated warnings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To enable these checks, specify a ``--extend-select`` command-line option or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable bugbear (B) checks, specify a ``--extend-select`` command-line option or
```

``extend-select=`` option in your config file (requires flake8 4.0+)::

  [flake8]
  max-line-length = 80
  max-complexity = 12
  ...
  extend-ignore = E501

>   extend-select = B901

Reviewer: Should we recommend same selection of all non optionals or does it not work like that anymore?
```suggestion
  extend-select = B,B901
```

Author: Not needed with `extend-select`, since we're registering Bugbear as a plugin `B` is added to the default selects.

So 
```
ignore = E501
select = C,E,F,W,B,B901
```
and
```
extend-ignore = E501
extend-select = B901
```

Should be equivalent, with the added bonus that `extend-ignore` doesn't wipe out the default ignores like `ignore` does.

> Some checks might need other flake8 checks disabled - e.g. E501 must be disabled for
> B950 to be hit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some flake8 checks require other flake8 checks disabled 
- `E501` must be disabled for `B950` of bugbear to be hit.
```

Author: To clarify on the ticks, most everything else in the README uses \`\` rather than \`, should I unify everything to \`?

If you'd like all optional warnings to be enabled for you (future proof your config!),
say ``B9`` instead of ``B901``. You will need flake8 3.2+ for this feature.

For flake8 versions older than 4.0, you will need to use the ``--select`` command-line
option or ``select=`` option in your config file. As of flake8 3.0, this option is a
whitelist (checks not listed are implicitly disabled), so you have to explicitly specify
all checks you want enabled (e.g. ``select = C,E,F,W,B,B901``).

> The ``--extend-ignore`` command-line option and ``extend-ignore=`` config file option
> require flake8 3.6+. For older flake8 versions, the ``--ignore`` and ``ignore=`` options

Reviewer: Some wording + syntax fixes
- Also, lets use notation Pythonistas are more familiar with (think PEP420 versioning specifiers)
```suggestion
The `--extend-ignore` command-line option and `extend-ignore=` config file options
require flake8 >=3.6. For older flake8 versions, the `--ignore` and `ignore=` options
```

can be used. Using ``ignore`` will override all codes that are disabled by
default from all installed linters, so you will need to specify these codes in your
configuration to silence them. I think this behavior is surprising so Bugbear's
opinionated warnings require explicit selection.

**Note:** Bugbear's enforcement of explicit opinionated warning selection is deprecated
and will be removed in a future release. It is recommended to use ``extend-ignore`` and
``extend-select`` in your flake8 configuration to avoid implicitly altering selected and
ignored codes.

Configuration
-------------

The plugin currently has one setting:

``extend-immutable-calls``: Specify a list of additional immutable calls.
This could be useful, when using other libraries that provide more immutable calls,
beside those already handled by ``flake8-bugbear``. Calls to these method will no longer
raise a ``B008`` warning.

For example::

  [flake8]
  max-line-length = 80
  max-complexity = 12
  ...

>   extend-immutable-calls = pathlib.Path, Path

Reviewer: Awesome, thanks. This makes it a lot more accessible.
